MTM-50155: Updated example microservices for java (#903)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/java-bundle/java-microservice.md

You can download the source code of this example from our [GitHub](https://github.com/SoftwareAG/cumulocity-examples/tree/develop/hello-world-microservice) repository to build and run it using your favorite IDE, or follow the instructions below to guide you step-by-step for you to have a better understanding of the code and what needs to be done/configured.

{{< c8y-admon-important >}}

> This microservice example has been tested under macOS, Ubuntu 20 and Windows 10 with Java 17, Maven 3.8.5, Docker 20.10.14; Eclipse 2019.03 and IntelliJ IDEA 2022.3.2 as IDE. Other tools or Java versions may require different configurations.

Reviewer: I would remove information about `Eclipse 2019.03` if we dont test it in this IDE

dDAwNzEyMzQvdGVzdHVzZXI6c2VjcmV0MTIz
```

and your authorization header would look like `Authorization: Basic dDAwNzEyMzQvdGVzdHVzZXI6c2VjcmV0MTIz`. Employing the cURL command you can test your microservice as follows:

```shell
$ curl -H "Authorization: <AUTHORIZATION>" https://<yourTenantDomain>/service/hello-microservice-java/hello?name=Skywalker
```

> Most tools should already have support for Cumulocity Authorization header out of box. Simply use `<ttenantId>/<tusername>` as username and `<password>` as password. For example in modern versions, the above cURL command can also look like below, and the header will be generated for us:

Reviewer: why `t`tenantId and `t`username ?

Suggestion:
`and the header will be generated for us:` ===> `and the header will be generated automatically:`

> Most tools should already support the Cumulocity IoT Authorization header out of the box. Simply use `<tenantId>/<username>` as username and `<password>` as password. In modern versions, for example, the above cURL command can also look like below, and the header will be generated automatically:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Most tools should already support the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Authorization header out of the box. Simply use `<tenantId>/<username>` as username and `<password>` as password. In modern versions, for example, the above cURL command can also look like below, and the header will be generated automatically:
```

#### Run the Docker container

> The Docker image was built using your local Docker repository during the [Maven build](#build-the-microservice-application). **Please note, that by default image is deleted to keep your registry clean during development**. You can change this by adding property `microservice.package.deleteImage=false` to the maven command or pom.xml.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Docker image was built using your local Docker repository during the [Maven build](#build-the-microservice-application). **Note, that by default the image is deleted to keep your registry clean during development**. You can change this by adding the property `microservice.package.deleteImage=false` to the maven command or *pom.xml*.
```
